Add Collector for Microsoft FileSystem Resource Manager Quotas (#437)
prometheus-community/windows_exporter: docs/collector.msft_fsrmquota.md

# Microsoft File Server Resource Manager (FSRM) Quotas collector

The msft_fsrmquota collector exposes metrics about File Server Ressource Manager Quotas. Note that this collector has only been tested against Windows server 2012R2.
Other FSRM versions may work but are not tested.

|||
-|-
Metric name prefix  | `msft_fsrmquota`

> Data source         | ??

Reviewer: This should be WMI

Counters            | `MSFT_FSRMQUOTA`
Enabled by default? | No

## Flags

None

## Metrics

Name | Description | Type | Labels
-----|-------------|------|-------

`wmi_msft_fsrmquota_count` | Number of Quotas | counter |None

> `wmi_msft_fsrmquota_description` | A string up to 1KB in size. Optional. The default value is an empty string. (Description) | counter |None

Reviewer: Adjust these help strings too, as with the in-code ones above

> `wmi_msft_fsrmquota_description` | A string up to 1KB in size. Optional. The default value is an empty string. (Description) | counter |None

Reviewer: Most of the metrics have labels, right?
```suggestion
`wmi_msft_fsrmquota_description` | A string up to 1KB in size. Optional. The default value is an empty string. (Description) | counter |path,template,description
```
